README.md, before:

![Open Banking Logo](https://bitbucket.org/openbankingteam/conformance-suite/raw/99b76db5f60bb4d790d6f32bffae29cbe95a3661/docs/static_files/OBIE_logotype_blue_RGB.PNG)

The **Dynamic Client Registration Conformance Tool** is an Open Source test tool provided by [Open Banking](https://www.openbanking.org.uk/).

The [Dynamic Client Registration](https://openbanking.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DZ/pages/1078034771/Dynamic+Client+Registration+-+v3.2) APIs allow TPPs to register one or more clients with a
ASPSPs in a manner that offers very low friction and removes hurdles and barriers to entry. The goal of the DCR Conformance Tool is to allow implementers of DCR to test a interface against the DCR standard.

The supporting documentation assumes technical understanding of the Open Banking ecosystem and DCR. An introduction to the concepts is available via the [Open Banking Website](https://www.openbanking.org.uk/).

# Running

## Prerequisites

In order to run a container you'll need docker installed.

* [Windows](https://docs.docker.com/windows/started)
* [OS X](https://docs.docker.com/mac/started/)
* [Linux](https://docs.docker.com/linux/started/)

## Quickstart

Create a configuration file from `config.json.sample`.

Pull and run the latest (stable) tagged Docker image:

```sh
docker run --rm -v /path/to/you/local/config.json:/config.json -it "openbanking/conformance-dcr:latest" -config-path=/config.json -report
```

# Development

## Requirements

* Go 1.13

## Running

To run against Ozone:

```sh
git clone git@bitbucket.org:openbankingteam/conformance-dcr.git && cd conformance-dcr && make build && ./dcr -config-path configs/config.json
```

Commit message:

Create a quick start setup guide:
* `./docs`:
  * `./docs/DOCS.md`: Add links to specifications on Developer Zone and GitHub Pages.
  * `./docs/QUICK-START.md`: Remove references to script and inline commands.
  * `./docs/config_ozone_sample.json`: Example configuration for Ozone. NB: These are not the actual keys.
  * `./docs/logs/ozone_run_debug.log`: Example run log from running against Ozone.
* `README.md`: Tidy up.
* `Dockerfile`: Tidy up and copy `dcr` command to `/usr/bin/` instead as this is always in the `${PATH}`.
* `coverage.sh`: Set terminate on error and other pedantic options.
* `Makefile`:  Use `-` in front of command instead of `|| true`, version pin the linting tool.
* `.golangci.yml`: Configure `goimports` by giving it the name of the module.

---
REFAPP-957
Create a quick start setup guide
https://openbanking.atlassian.net/browse/REFAPP-957

README.md, after:

![Open Banking Logo](https://bitbucket.org/openbankingteam/conformance-suite/raw/99b76db5f60bb4d790d6f32bffae29cbe95a3661/docs/static_files/OBIE_logotype_blue_RGB.PNG)

The **Dynamic Client Registration Conformance Tool** is an Open Source test tool provided by [Open Banking](https://www.openbanking.org.uk/).

The [Dynamic Client Registration](https://openbanking.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/DZ/pages/1078034771/Dynamic+Client+Registration+-+v3.2) APIs allow TPPs to register one or more clients with a
ASPSPs in a manner that offers very low friction and removes hurdles and barriers to entry. The goal of the DCR Conformance Tool is to allow implementers of DCR to test a interface against the DCR standard.

The supporting documentation assumes technical understanding of the Open Banking ecosystem and DCR. An introduction to the concepts is available via the [Open Banking Website](https://www.openbanking.org.uk/).

# Running

## Prerequisites

In order to run a container you'll need docker installed.

* [Windows](https://docs.docker.com/windows/started)
* [OS X](https://docs.docker.com/mac/started/)
* [Linux](https://docs.docker.com/linux/started/)

## Quickstart

See the guide at [./docs/QUICK-START.md](./docs/QUICK-START.md).

# Development

## Requirements

* Go 1.13

## Build and Run

To run against Ozone:

```sh
git clone git@bitbucket.org:openbankingteam/conformance-dcr.git && cd conformance-dcr && make build && ./dcr -config-path configs/config.json
```
